Add REPEAT() example (#16960)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/string-functions.md

Repeat a string the specified number of times.

Examples:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following example generates a sequence of numbers from 1 to 20 using a [recursive common table expression (CTE)](/develop/dev-guide-use-common-table-expression.md#recursive-cte). For each number in the sequence, the character `x` is repeated the number of times equal to the number itself.

```

```sql
WITH RECURSIVE nr(n) AS (
    SELECT 1 AS n 
    UNION ALL 
    SELECT n+1 FROM nr WHERE n<20
)
SELECT n, REPEAT('x',n) FROM nr;
```

```
+------+----------------------+
| n    | REPEAT('x',n)        |
+------+----------------------+
|    1 | x                    |
|    2 | xx                   |
|    3 | xxx                  |
|    4 | xxxx                 |
|    5 | xxxxx                |
|    6 | xxxxxx               |
|    7 | xxxxxxx              |
|    8 | xxxxxxxx             |
|    9 | xxxxxxxxx            |
|   10 | xxxxxxxxxx           |
|   11 | xxxxxxxxxxx          |
|   12 | xxxxxxxxxxxx         |
|   13 | xxxxxxxxxxxxx        |
|   14 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxx       |
|   15 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx      |
|   16 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx     |
|   17 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    |
|   18 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   |
|   19 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  |
|   20 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx |
+------+----------------------+
20 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

> The following example demonstrates that `REPEAT()` can operate on operate on strings consisting of multiple characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates that `REPEAT()` can operate on strings consisting of multiple characters.
```

```sql
WITH RECURSIVE nr(n) AS (
    SELECT 1 AS n 
    UNION ALL 
    SELECT n+1 FROM nr WHERE n<20
)
SELECT n, REPEAT('x',n) FROM nr;
```

```
+------+----------------------+
| n    | REPEAT('x',n)        |
+------+----------------------+
|    1 | x                    |
|    2 | xx                   |
|    3 | xxx                  |
|    4 | xxxx                 |
|    5 | xxxxx                |
|    6 | xxxxxx               |
|    7 | xxxxxxx              |
|    8 | xxxxxxxx             |
|    9 | xxxxxxxxx            |
|   10 | xxxxxxxxxx           |
|   11 | xxxxxxxxxxx          |
|   12 | xxxxxxxxxxxx         |
|   13 | xxxxxxxxxxxxx        |
|   14 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxx       |
|   15 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx      |
|   16 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx     |
|   17 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    |
|   18 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   |
|   19 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  |
|   20 | xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx |
+------+----------------------+
20 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

> The example below demonstrates that `REPEAT()` can handle multi character strings as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates that `REPEAT()` can operate on operate on strings consisting of multiple characters.
```
